[Music]
Hello, good morning friends, how are you all,
lovers of the heart, I'm a little
well, a little under the weather with
the vaccines yesterday I was saying that I was doing
very well live but seriously,
you saw that little by little I was fading away
and well, in the end I am, that's a little
under the weather, okay, I feel like the other time
and well, let's see how the day goes,
okay, I ask you please to subscribe,
jce, everyone who is watching this
video, give them the subscribe button and
encourage me a lot so I can be here
today bringing all the salsa, which is no
small thing. Look what happened to
David today, specifically, it happened to him yesterday, or rather,
we realized that while we were
live, it turns out that
Antonia made the video talking about this
subject, this charge is sliding, a
very suspicious change, what has she been seeing
lately on Sálvame and well,
the only thing she did was read a
news story,
the person that I, the
director of Salvamente,
oh, we can hear you more, she didn't listen, the
only thing she was missing was giving credit to the
journalist.  journalist 9 guzmán has
written this article not in the blooper
that this article well do you remember I
said that these people from Espanyol are really
bullying let's leave it as is okay
for now and these people had to
sue them because they put some
pretty ugly information in an article
that they had to delete everything these
people are Rowling I told you when
the news came out I told you be careful with
Spanish Spanish is not to be trusted okay well well
feel that he was the only thing he did was
when he reads the news give credit
for example how can I do with
Marín to Esnal no me every time I read
a news story about Marina I pass a video I
say it a kiss Marina Marina great
journalist follow her whatever no
good well that's why she accepted the payment and has
put it on her twitter my
stomach turned hearing my name in the mouth
of this man
so I cleared one thing up save me face
changes after 13 years destroying your
sorrows you were excessive you were fired
after 20 years sowing poison hate and
lies for  sink the mother of your
children don't compare and duck keys well
don't compare all the compare them I don't
understand be Antonio Avis he is not
comparing himself in that news he
is simply talking about the layoffs of Sálvame
of all the changes and well before
Sálvame may have been sweeping for 13 years
but it has been sinking for a year and a half sinking
but come on and dragging
half the chain with them and that is a
reality that they have been sweeping for three years
well okay
Antonio had swept away the time spent
on the plate I don't know why they called him and
when he throws take off the sun let it be very
clear that they will never have an ally in me
so he is going to be using
our work to continue expanding
Billy and defending an abuser
for free for free you were not
fired after 20 years of sowing poison
hatred and lies to sink the mother
of your children and we called them to the treaty
then before I had answered her said
good morning I don't usually answer I am not going to
dedicate a video to you on my
YouTube channel where I have  you send me
your home address privately or I will
send the complaint to your work thanks
I hope this is true and cantonal
and sue him because he can't allow
any if he goes around allowing this and goes around
saying that he's going to sue and not sue
these characters then it's not going to the
people, I mean he's going to allow them to call him an
abuser calmly that's it the
guy is hesitating about the allies these are like that
always they are like that you may not
know many stories of the ones I've
had but the kids
know that we've had many problems
with realities that defame you just like that they
are simply defamers always and what they
usually do
when they comment on defamation and they
warn you that they are going to sue you for whatever it is it
comes up more like they
bully you more he has an incredible lack of education
and the guy is delighted to
meet you on his twitter because antonio
ávila having said that I do not apologize
for calling you an abuser I have been
confused by the fact that they call you that
in front of 3 million viewers and you don't
send me I suppose that  dignity is
selective please don't dedicate it to me it's a
video on your channel I'm not prepared
for so much repercussion
this kid is making a
complete fool of himself there is none apart from using an
allied argument argument to you see he
says I've been confused by the fact that they
call you in front of 3 million
viewers and you don't send
these not understanding lawsuits
absolutely not one thing not to
sue your ex partner you have to
select who you're going to sue what's
worth it who not where well
because the law already explains it to you many
times it doesn't work simply like that in
Rocío's case it's very likely that
Antonio Ávila's lawsuit would be dismissed if he
filed it and it would be a waste of
time and continue in conflict with her
because it's a crossroads okay just like all
the lawsuits that Rosito Antonio has filed had
been dismissed well
most likely no matter how much I call him an
abuser I
could win but I could they could
dismiss it too and it would be used
as a condemnatory lawsuit
instead of a solitary lawsuit okay
because people are that narrow-minded people
like this instead  instead of saying oh well let
go on Rosa Carrasco, they're
still suing her, well I would say win, well she
won and that's because he's an
abuser, I explained it many times,
no, but just because she's not suing Rocio Carrasco
doesn't mean she can't sue
you and that she has another form of sentencing
because you have no course
with Antonio David, Antonella Bino
is disrespectful to you and so she would
condemn you, valer and apart from that, she says I'm
confused by the fact that they call you
in front of 3 million viewers and don't
sue, this man, for a
journalist, is quite lost due to
capture, David sued the television factory
for labor issues and not only were they
convicted, the television factory and it
is convicted soon we will have it
because they have appealed and soon we will have
the final sentence, let's see what will
happen, the final sentence, but the
judge who handled the case had it quite
clear and made a sentence that is very difficult
to dismantle, I mean, not only were they
convicted for unfair dismissal
but they were also convicted for
violating Antonio's honor  David and
calling him an abuser, they sentenced him to
50,000 bucks to the TV factory, so it
's not about saving this, he explains it
many times, okay, you have to
select who sues, for example,
Antonia Dell'Atte called, called an
abuser and accused
Count Lequio of being an abuser, Count Lequio denounced her
and lost, why? Because justice
works in a way in which you
have to have the intention to defame,
then it is considered that,
well, she considers herself an
abused woman who has no intention
of defaming, which is more complicated than it
seems, okay, now if you call
Count Lequio an abuser or any other person
that Count Lequio has
messed with us, then you might have
a problem, the law works in a
more complicated way, okay, but well, I hope
that Antonio Davis complies and that they
sue him because the truth is that up until
now he has said that he had sued
all the collaborators and I don't know that at the
moment they haven't reached anyone and
honestly  and I say this with all the
love I have for her, you ca
n't allow this, you
can't allow it because if you allow
one you allow it for everyone and you
are being a journalist,
a Spanish journalist is not saying it
publicly on his Twitter account and
the horny abyss doesn't give in,
I see it, I see it clearly, family,
you deserve it, I will be reading you in the
comments box, I think he's
making fun of Marta, could it be that
roof where Marta is also,
yes, they will be giving it to each other, also,
well,
professional, family is reading you, don't
forget to leave me your opinion because I
want to know and a huge hug
[Music]